fix: Manage IPFS addresses settings (#71)
fluencelabs/node-distro: README.md

externally running IPFS daemon in order for aqua-ipfs to work. If not defined
aqua-ipfs builtin will be removed.

| variable                                       | default                          | description                                                                        |
| ---------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `FLUENCE_ENV_AQUA_IPFS_EXTERNAL_API_MULTIADDR` | `/dns4/ipfs.fluence.dev/tcp/443` | used by aqua-ipfs builtin to tell frontend which address to use to connect to IPFS |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FLUENCE_ENV_AQUA_IPFS_EXTERNAL_API_MULTIADDR` | `/dns4/ipfs.fluence.dev/tcp/443` | this address is advertised to clients (eg frontend apps) so they use it to upload files (`ipfs.put`), manage pins (`ipfs.pin`) and so on
```

| `IPFS_PATH`                                    | `/config/ipfs`                                       | IPFS node data directory                                                                    |
| `IPFS_LOG_PATH`                                | `/log/ipfs`                                          | directory where IPFS will store its logs                                                    |
| `IPFS_MIGRATE_FS`                              | `false`                                              | automatically run [fs-repo-migrations](https://github.com/ipfs/fs-repo-migrations) on start |
| `IPFS_ADDRESSES_SWARM`                         | `/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/4001,/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/4001/wc`     | IPFS swarm multiaddr                                                                        |
| `IPFS_ADDRESSES_API`                           | `/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/5001`                              | IPFS API multiaddr                                                                          |
| `IPFS_ADDRESSES_GATEWAY`                       | `/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/8080`                              | IPFS gateway multiaddr                                                                      |

> | `IPFS_ADDRESSES_ANNOUNCE`                      | `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4001,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4001/wc` | IPFS announce multiaddr                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `IPFS_ADDRESSES_ANNOUNCE`                      | `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4001,/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4001/wc` | IPFS p2p multiaddr of the IPFS swarm protocol |
```
